As promised, now we're going to talk
about the out of box experience for
your Dragonboard 410c.
And as you can see we have our
boards right here, our boxes.
And by the end of this video, we will have
unboxed them to show you how it goes.
But before we go into this whole unboxing
experience, we kind of want to talk about
your experience when trying
to buy a DragonBoard.
Now, what you're going to run into when
you start searching the internet for
a DragonBoard 410c, you're going to
run into all these different kits.
Now, how do you kind of decipher what
you want out of your DragonBoard 410c.
>> And that will really depend on what
you are actually trying to do with
the DragonBoard.
So the type of application
you were trying to develop,
whether you were trying to do
an IoT based application, or
an audio based application, or
a computer vision based application.
There's all of these different kits which
are available to you on all of these
different websites that you can pick and
choose based on your application.
>> So one of the first steps you want to
take when kind of deciphering what you
want out of your DragonBoard is
probably like what Rajan said,
is thinking about what
you're trying to develop.
But you can also go explore either your
search engine, searching around for
DragonBoard 410c ideas, but you can
also visit the 96Boards.org website and
go to the DragonBoard 410c landing page.
And you can read about
all of these kits there.
So, on that page there's
all of these options for
the different kits that
are listed on this list.
Now, for the purpose of this video, we're
going to walk through each one of these
kits and
kind of explain why each one is special.
So this is the first kit,
the basic kit and
this is the one we actually
have on the table here.
Now what's special about this kit,
is that it comes with the DragonBoard 410c
on it's own and it comes preflashed
with Android Operating System on it.
Now, for
someone who's interested in developing
Android, this might be the kit for you.
If you already have a power
supply geared up for
your DragonBoard 410c,
this might be the kit for you.
Other than that,
this is the most basic one.
It's available on arrow.com.
And you can go get that right now.
It's usually very widely available.
>> Mm-hm.
>> The Amazon IoT kit is special because
it comes with a power supply included,
and you can get it on Amazon.
As far as I know,
it's actually available on Amazon Prime.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, so if you're in the U.S.,
I believe you can get it delivered
to your house within two days.
Very nice.
And also,
another fun thing about this one,
is that it comes preflashed with
the Debian Operating System, correct?
>> Mm-hm.
>> Great, the audio kit is a nifty
little kit available through Arrow,
that you can actually have
a mezzanine included in your kit.
So not only do you get the DragonBoard
410c, you get your power supply, but
you also get a nice little
audio mezzanine board.
Now, we haven't really
talked about mezzanines yet,
but these are very special,
extra additional boards
that compliment the features of
your DragonBoard 410c experience.
We'll get more in depth on this later.
>> Later, yeah.
>> Yeah.
The camera kit is another very cool kit.
And as Rajan was pointing out earlier,
depending on what you're trying to
develop, this might be the kit for you.
Because it has a mezzanine board
that basically focuses on camera
features, right?
Yeah, it comes with a DragonBoard,
it comes with the power adaptor and
it comes with a D3 design
core engineering board.
And if you search YouTube, you can
actually find some videos from Rajan and
I doing the unboxing experience.
>> Unboxing from the D3, yeah.
>> Yeah, some fun videos there.
We did a two parter or a three parter.
>> Yeah.
>> Great, now what kits are next?
We don't know, right?
But this is a great opportunity for
you to think about either what
kits you would need in the future?
And so you can start kind of
maybe pinging the community.
Figuring out what kind of kits would
be good for your development process.
Talk to Rajan and I through any forums.
And also, keep an eye on the 96Boards and
our DragonBoard 410c website, so
that you can see if any other kits become
available that would cater to your
development needs.
So as we've mentioned,
some of this boards come flashed
with different operating systems.
But don't be scared about that because the
DragonBoard ecosystem is very large and
the software that is in heart,
that has already been enabled for
this board,
is available through various channels.
Now you can see on there, Android,
Fedora, Debian, Linaro based Debian,
OpenEmbedded, Canonicals,
Ubuntu Core, Windows 10 IoT Core.
>> And a lot of different operating
systems that you see on the slides
over here.
Just like the kits, depending on the type
of application you are trying to do.
You might want to select
one versus the other.
Each operating system has its own pros and
cons.
For example, Ubuntu Core, it has
a very good snappy-based system where
it's easier for you to manage deployment.
It's very straightforward.
Debian, on the other hand,
is a desktop-based environment.
So somebody who is picking this up for
the first time, it's very easy for
them to come up to speed
on a DragonBoard and
an embedded environment with
a Debian based operating system.
Windows 10 has it's own pros and cons,
and right of course, more geared
towards cellphone type of usage, so
each one has it's own pros and cons.
We really encourage you guys to go and
do some more research based on the type of
applications and develop and
work that you guys are planning to do.
>> Basically what we're saying here
is just because your board shipped
with the operating system on it already,
doesn't mean you can't
change it to what you want.
So visit the website, the DragonBoard
landing page on 96Boards, and
you can change it to any
operating system you want.
There's instructions, downloads.
Everything is available to you.
Your resources are there.
Also I want to add something
that's not on this slide.
But openSUSE is also another
operating system that's available for
the DragonBoard.
And there are more to come.
There are also other ones out there
that we might not be aware of.
Great, now before we unbox this,
even though we will not be following
a lot of these safety tips-
>> Because our kit didn't come
with a power supply so
we are not going to turn it on.
So that's why we are not going to use
the ESD mats and safety precaution tips.
>> Yeah, but, for
those of you at home watching this,
you might want to entertain getting
some of these safety tools.
So you can see here we have a ESD mat.
This is something nifty for
putting your DragonBoard down on.
Yeah, well, you kind of put this
little wrist band, it grounds you,
it basically gives you a nice little
work space there for your DragonBoard.
You have ESD gloves.
Allows you to kind of fiddle around with
it without leaving any unwanted grease
from your fingers on the board.
Which then when you power
it on could cause shorts.
ESD bags, good places to store your board.
You want to make sure that you check the
resistivity, the resistance on the bags,
make sure that it complements
the DragonBoard's chip sets or circuits.
And then ESD foam.
So, there's lots of options you have.
This is a list of some things that you
might want to do some research on and
see if it fits your needs.
To make that your DragonBoard stays safe.
Now moving on, it's time, we're
going to open up our DragonBoard 410c.
Rajan here is going to kind of go
through the process, and hopefully-
>> So I'm going to unbox this box and
we're going to have a conversation
around what is in the box.
And we're going to see
the DragonBoard in this.
>> Great, so yeah, as Rajan mentioned,
this is the basic kit.
And you can tell that it's
the basic kit because of it's size.
Other DragonBoard boxes
are slightly bigger.
But yeah, this is the basic kit.
>> So let's go ahead and
open the box and you can see.
Put this on the side and there's a little
Let's Play DragonBoard kind of pamphlet.
It has like a description of
what the connectors are and
I think this is more towards the slides
that we touched already in the course.
It kind of shows you what
the different components are.
>> So, real quick,
I want to touch on this little pamphlet.
Inside here, you saw we have,
like Rajan said, all of the diagrams
with all of the components.
But, what I would recommend doing is,
and on the back,
you can kind of see,
there is a www.arrow.com/dragonboard410c.
What you're going to want to also do is
visit either Qualcomm Developer Network or
the 96Boards DragonBoard
410c landing page.
These aren't included on the pamphlet, but
they are very useful resources that
we will talk about in a later video.
>> Mm-hm, let's go ahead and
take this little piece out, and
that's your DragonBoard.
So since this is the basic kit,
it only comes with the DragonBoard.
Let's put this on the side also.
And as you can see,
it comes in an ESD bag all taped up.
With a disclaimer right here,
it says attention.
Be careful while you use your DragonBoard.
Let's go ahead and open that.
>> Kind of the picture that
I put on the safety tips.
>> Yeah [LAUGH].
>> And there you have your DragonBoard.
>> And you can see as mentioned here,
right?
This is the shield that's covering
the chipsets underneath there.
So in the diagrams that we showed
earlier with all of the features,
all of the components, you don't get to
see them when you open up your board.
And a nice little Arrow sticker there.
>> Sticker there, yeah.
So as you can see, this is a low speed
expansion header, high speed header,
SD card holder, HDMI connector,
USB ports, power connector right here,
the two switches right here for
volume up and volume down.
And those are really useful if
you want to flash the DragonBoard
using fast put method.
We'll get more into that in
one of the next sessions.
But on the back you can see
that the switch is right there.
>> And
the there's a little heat sink square.
>> Yeah.
>> Another cool thing to point out
here is probably, move this aside,
is a little analogue header, and
this makes the DragonBoard very unique
in the sense that you can [INAUDIBLE]
on a nice little header on there and
gain access to microphones, speakers,
other analog inputs and outputs.
So yeah.
There's your Dragonboard 410c, great.
So in the next video, we're going to talk
a little bit more about the software
that's available on the Dragonboard 410c,
dive a little deeper into that.
And then we're going to flash
our Linux Linaro Debian
based operating system onto the
DragonBoard 410c because that's what we're
going to be using in
the rest of this course.
And now it's time to pause and reflect
on everything that we saw in this video,
around the DragonBoard 410c.
The unboxing experience,
the different kits that are available.
And all the operating systems that you
might want to choose from once you open
your board and get it all set up.
Here's a whole bunch of resources for
you to go check out.
Now, I want to just point out,
we have the Qualcomm Developer Network.
This is a great resource for you to go
check out some niche documentation.
You have the products page,
with the DragonBoard landing page.
And then of course arrow.com and
amazon.com,
where you can just type
DragonBoard 410c into the search.
And get a whole bunch of options for
your kits.